[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] Jean, Nadia, Marie,
and King escaped from
the sinking Nautilus
in the nick of time,
only to wash up on the shore
of a deserted island
miles from civilization.
There they began the arduous
task of starting a new life
and growing accustomed to
getting by
without modern
conveniences.
None of which was made any
easier by Nadia's temper
and underhandedness.
However,
the wayward heroine realized
that her allies were as
important to her as nature,
and that Jean was a true friend.
They shared
their first and second kiss.
Not that it made
their tempestuous relationship
any less turbulent.
Yet nature sprung a surprise
on our enterprising heroes
and presented them
with a strange moveable island,
which arrived next to their home
during a terrible typhoon.
There they discovered
their former associates,
Grandis, Hanson, and Sanson
as well as Ayrton,
who proved to have
more secrets up his sleeve.
Their lives became as normal
as could be expected
which is not to say that they
were entirely bereft
of intriguing daily oddities.
The force of Nadia's destiny
soon drew the children
into a peculiar cavern
which bore more
than a passing resemblance
to their former subaquatic home.
There Nadia was whisked into
the secret chamber of Red Noah,
a collective intelligence
of a former kingdom,
which explained to her
that she was not only the heir
to the Atlantean throne,
but that she was not human.
Soon the island was struck
by violent tremors
and Jean launched himself
on a daring rescue mission
to bring Nadia
back to the surface world.
As is often the case
in this amazing adventure,
the children were saved from
certain death
at the very
last moment,
and the Gratan set sail
for the African continent.
But what will life be like
now that the secret has been
revealed?
What in the name
of Her Majesty is that?
[gasps]
Garfish.
-A Garfish? -It's one
of Gargoyle's submarines.
It's a submarine?
Then we must beg them to
help us out of this situation.
I'll get their attention.
Ahoy!
Please help us.
We need your help!
[grunts]
Are you mad? They'll find us.
But seeing as
we're hopelessly lost.
I would think you'd
want them to find us.
-Ahh! -You're
pretty stupid, aren't you?
You better prepared to withdraw
those words
or my arms will
hurt you.
That's Gargoyle's submarine.
Didn't you hear that?
He is the one we have been
struggling against
all of this time.
He wants to take Nadia captive.
Do you mean that?
-[gasps]
-He'd kill us all to get her.
[all] Sanson!
The only way to win this game
is to strike first and make
it count.
Hits away!
[gunshot]
-Huh?
-What?
-What happened?
-Well, that was a new one.
Well, that's fairly obvious.
I sunk that bucket
with a single shot.
Well, no.
I think it's
actually chasing the island.
What are you talking about?
You'll see.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[metal clanging]
-[Grandis] Just
explain to me why. -Huh?
Why did a Garfish
suddenly appear at that moment
right at that place?
Yes.
And how did
that island sink so suddenly?
Not only that, what was
etched into the terrain there?
You've got to tell us
what happened to you down
there, Jean.
Nadia is still
fast asleep, Jean.
Will you please explain to us
what you saw?
So many amazing things
have happened to us since
we first met.
And many more things
that we still do not understand.
Gargoyle, The Tower of Babel.
The minefield, the crab robot,
The Valley of
Ancient Fish, Atlantis,
the Giant Nautilus, the base,
the flying battleship,
each one alone would be
difficult enough to believe.
We witnessed them all.
But nobody will ever believe us
when we tell them about
these things.
He's right, you know,
I would never have believed
such things were possible.
What is all this rubbish
you're talking about?
Surely you don't expect me to
believe such whole cloth lies?
Did I actually hear the greatest
imposter in the known world
accuse us all of being liars?
What a crock.
This is an enormous list
of events and sights
that we would've doubted
had we not seen them
with our own two eyes.
So?
And yet the things
that I witnessed on the island
are the most
unbelievable of them all.
Jean, an entire
island sank from under us.
What could be
more outlandish than that?
Right.
I--I will tell you about it
some other time perhaps.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[Jean] Nadia?
Can't you sleep?
It won't be long.
I know.
You don't seem so pleased
about finding your birthplace.
It's not that at all, Jean.
You've wanted to go to Africa
for such a long time now.
I wish I'd have been able
to take you there in my own
invention.
[Nadia] It doesn't matter.
We're going there
because you fixed the Gratan.
Thank you for that.
Thank you.
You're very welcome, of course.
But Nadia,
what happened
on the other side of that wall?
[gasps]
♪ The Secret Blue Water
-[rumbling]
-[Nadia] What's that noise?
[Jean] The flying battleship!
-We've got trouble, everybody!
-[all groan]
It is past midnight, Jean.
It's the flying battleship!
First, they sent the Garfish
and now we have the flying
battleship?
It looks like someone
hasn't learned their lesson yet.
[screaming]
[all] Somebody save us!
The ship is intact
but the air is pushing out
at the hole of the balloon.
But if we're lucky,
we'll get to Africa a lot sooner
but it will be a bumpy ride!
But there's no way to regulate
our speed like this!
Which means, we're
going to make a crash landing
in top speed!
Stop this thing now!
[crashes]
[all sigh]
I--I saw the ocean.
My Gratan.
Look!
There's not
even a scratch on it!
Where on God's
green earth are we?
The crash killed us all.
We've clearly
crashed landed into heaven.
Beyond that hatch,
it awaits the Almighty and
his legions of heavenly angels.
Just get this opened.
Are you all ready? Hmm?
[dramatic music playing]
Jum--jum--jumbo?
Jumbo.
Oh, dear.
Who does he think he is now?
A god or a monarch?
I don't know.
He still thinks he's better than
all of us, though.
I'm amazed, Mr. Ayrton.
-You can speak their language?
-Of course.
I didn't wanna
blow my own horn before
but I was an honorary
professor of linguistics
at Cambridge University.
[laughs] Jumbo!
-Is that the truth?
-Why do you ask?
Because he only seems
to understand one word.
Jumbo.
Jumbo, jumbo.
So tell me, Professor,
just where in the world
does this little parade end?
Well now, they tell me we are
their highly honored guests.
So, they welcomed us all.
[speaking native language]
This isn't what you said!
What is he saying now?
Uh, I can't make it out
because of his accent.
I can't believe we fell
for one of your lies again!
Hmm.
This probably isn't even Africa.
This is completely different
from what I imagined.
What is going to happen to us?
And all because of
that lying scoundrel.
Oh, do you suppose
this is really the way my life
is going to end?
[tribe leader
speaking native language]
[all gasp]
[speaking native language]
Hmm.
Is he gonna use
his weapon on us?
How barbaric.
Would you say something to them?
Uh... Jumbo?
That's all you can say?
You really are just a fraud.
[gasps]
[speaking native language]
[both gasp]
You must tell me where you found
your precious necklace.
I'm crazy or
he just spoke our language.
Can you tell me
your name, please?
Uh, Nadia.
[gasps]
[all gasp]
[speaking
native language] Nadia.
[speaking native language]
Uh, would someone explain to me
what's happening?
I think they're our friends now.
Well, I'm not quite certain
what just happened.
But I'm thoroughly convinced
they're not going to kill us.
But where did Nadia go?
[purrs]
She went with water splash.
What are they doing?
She's just trying to find out
where she was born.
So there's nothing to
worry about it, at the least.
Nothing at all.
I'm not concerned about it.
I see.
You just shake
and sweat all the time.
Hamahama, is this
the village where you were born?
Yes.
The only place I've known for
my entire life is this village.
Would you mind telling me
what your birthday is?
What my birthday is?
All I can tell you is that
I was born sometime during
January 1877.
That's the best I can do.
Hmm.
You're lucky.
I don't have that.
I--I know nothing.
I couldn't tell you
where or when I was born.
I'm sorry.
That must be
very difficult for you.
I really wanna find
out where I was born.
I wish I knew.
Oh, well, I have to
believe it's waiting for me
somewhere beneath this sunset.
[Jean]
Where has she gone?
-Hasn't Nadia come back yet?
-Mm-mm.
I see.
He's in really bad shape.
Good heavens.
She's being awfully cruel
to someone who saved her life.
Oh, it's not
cruel. It's natural.
Nadia has grown
up enough to fall in love
with handsome young natives.
But that's not really
a good thing, Ms. Granva,
you were once a young girl
who fell in love at first sight
with a handsome man.
The consequences were
quite tragic if you remember.
Oh, right.
Ms. Granva's
counterfeit marriage.
-Grandis got swindled?
-Be quiet.
Don't be crude.
Those are the only memories
I have of my youthful
indiscretions.
My, you have come to terms
with that part of your life,
haven't you?
You'd say, "Don't
mention that to me!"
And, "Shut your face!"
And now you're talking about it
with such composure.
Once we're safely on shore,
we pray no more, Hanson.
It makes no
difference to me now.
At least it can provide me
with a beautiful memory.
"Beautiful memory"?
[Hamahama] This is
our guardian god, Shisa Shisa.
[Nadia] Shisa Shisa?
It looks like just King.
My father told me
something interesting.
He said that your Blue Stone
looks exactly like the one
that the ruler of
the Silver Kingdom had
many, many years ago.
Silver Kingdom?
[Hamahama] A very long time ago,
far beyond this village,
there was a great
kingdom made of silver.
And there was a war when I was
a small boy
that destroyed
it completely.
Go on.
Very well.
The ruler of that kingdom
gave our village a silver column
as a token of friendship.
We keep it safe
behind that door.
Is it in danger?
[Hamahama] Through the years,
many evil men from Europe,
America,
Arabia, and Asia,
have attacked our village
in order to steal it.
But we have never been defeated.
And that is because
we are protected by the power of
Shisa Shisa.
His fierce loyalty to
our village
has outmanned all
invaders.
Those evil men have proven
no match for us.
[Nadia] How wonderful.
It really doesn't have
anything to do with us,
but it's merely the protection
of the gods.
Incidentally,
please accept my apology
for how rude we treated you
upon your arrival.
But we were afraid that you had
come to attack us as well.
There's no need to,
compared with you, Hamahama,
I'm a very evil person.
Come, now.
A girl as pretty as you
could never be evil.
I-- Oh, dear.
You--your kind words have
embarrassed me a bit,
I'm afraid.
But I'm telling
you the truth, Nadia.
It's strictly against the order
of our people
to tell a lie for any reason.
[Nadia] Huh? Really?
Well, then,
what on earth am I doing?
Get ahold of yourself, oh dear.
Oh.
What's that?
"The rightful heir
of the Toris Megistos
will see
the beginning of human life.
And his power
will bring destruction
to every human
life three times over.
And the light of Babel
will soon destroy all cities."
Nadia!
You were able to read
the whole inscription?
Huh? Uh-huh.
Then it is true.
You are from Tartessos.
You mean,
you know about Tartessos?
Hmm. Yes.
Please! Tell me, please!
I need to know.
Nadia...
[dramatic music playing]
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[Hanson] Cheer up, Jean.
Females make up
half of the human race.
You have plenty
more chances at love.
But if you really
wanna know what I think,
I'd rather be with a machine
than a girl any old day.
I like machines, Jean.
They never complain,
they don't shout at you
or kick you in the head,
and you can rebuild them
if you know the technique.
You can't say
that about girls now, can you?
[Grandis] What was that?
We're near your birthplace?
Are you sure about that?
Are you certain?
I'm sure.
Hamahama said it was.
How very nice for you.
And I think Hamahama
is such a wonderful person.
-Have you seen King lately?
-No, Marie.
Not for quite some time.
I can't find him anywhere.
[bird squawking]
[purring]
Have you found him yet?
No. Not a trace.
I wonder if he went away again.
Huh?
Well, King can be
a very jealous lion sometimes.
He ran away on the island once
before
when he saw Jean and
Nadia kissing.
-[all] Huh?
-Mm-hmm.
[Sanson] She shouldn't change
her mind if that's the case.
[Hanson] That's much too cruel.
You better keep that secret.
[all] Uh-huh.
[purrs]
[slobbers]
What did you say?
It seems that King
has ran away from home.
Would you find him?
If you don't mind.
King is the name of the lion
that came with you,
isn't that right?
Yes.
I...
It's terrible.
Let's go find him.
[sighs] What a terrible sight.
Hmph. Yes.
I'm going to tell Jean.
But why would you do that?
Because I feel
sorry for him right now.
He deserves
a chance to fight for her.
[all] Ah!
Hmph.
-[zapping]
-[King purring]
What? You can't find King?
I think he ran away.
Will you help us find him?
Sure, but--well...
[King growls]
-It's King!
-[gasps]
-Huh?
-[King growls]
-[Grandis] Where are you going?
-[Marie] Stop him!
-[Hanson] Come back here!
[dramatic music playing]
I hope we could stop running
like this once we go to Africa.
Why don't we use the Gratan?
I'm afraid the engine isn't
working very well at this time.
How come that wretched thing
always breaks down
every time we need it?
I really had no idea that King
could run this fast!
I guess the lion must've drunk
some of the red fruit
juice supply.
What does the red juice
have to do with King running?
It's a secret medicine
found only within my village
that allows the recipient
to exhibit magical abilities.
[dramatic music playing]
[King purring]
[woman] What a cute lion.
[woman] What a poor lion.
[Gonzalez]
What a find, a white lion cub.
This is a prized
specimen in our trade.
-[Nadia] King!
-[all] King!
-[Jean] Where are you?
-[Marie] King! Here, boy!
-[all] Where are you?!
-[laughs]
-Oh, no! Everybody get down!
-Huh?
-What is that?
-It's the treasure hunters.
They've had their eye
on our prized possession.
-Treasure? -I thought
we'd beaten them back.
-What are they still doing here?
-[Gonzalez] Hamahama!
Is that you?
Hiding in plain sight again.
Hamahama?
How could he know
that we're hiding out here?
[Gonzalez] You seem like
you're looking for something.
Is this it, by any chance?
[dramatic music playing]
[all] That's King!
Well now, old friend.
It seems that our little dispute
has taken a strange turn.
Let's settle up.
I'm sure you would agree to new
negotiations now.
Hold your tongue!
I don't believe your deceptive
manner of talk!
-You're hiding something!
-Very well.
I'll give it to
you straight, then.
If you wish for
the lion to remain alive,
you will deliver your treasure
to me without delay.
I will give
you 24 hours to comply.
If you don't
answer me within that time,
we'll remove the ropes from
the lion
and replace them
with nails.
[singing in Japanese]